The year is 603, in an alternate reality fantasy world with a little bit of magic.  Magically-powered firearms are common, especially six-shooter revolvers, which you and almost everyone carries.  You are a seasonal laborer making a once a year summer trek from Tibet across the Himalayas to Nepal to return home to your family with your year's worth of wages which is 100 gold coins.  It is very common to be waylaid by bandits who will try to steal some of your gold, or to take some of it for 'protection'.  If you make it home with less than 30 coins or do not make it home at all, your family will not be able to afford food to eat.

You have been warned about the dangers of the journey, but you are determined to make it back home with as much of your gold as possible. You pack your revolver and some food for the long journey and set off.

The first few days of your journey are uneventful, but on the fourth day, you come across a group of bandits. They demand that you give them all of your gold or they will kill you. You draw your revolver, ready to fight if need be, but then one of the bandits notices something in the distance. He points to a large figure coming towards you from behind a nearby hill. It is a giant!

The giant is at least twenty feet tall and carries a large club. The bandits scatter in fear, leaving you alone with the giant. The giant looks down at you with curiosity and then speaks in a deep booming voice: "I am here to protect travelers from these bandits who would steal from them." 

You thank him for his help and explain why you are on this journey and how important it is for you to make it back home with as much of your gold as possible. The giant nods in understanding and offers to accompany you on your journey so that he can protect you from any further danger. 

You accept his offer gratefully and continue on together. With the giant by your side, no one dares get close enough to threaten or rob you again. After several weeks of travel, you finally arrive safely home with all 100 coins intact! Your family rejoices at your safe return and thanks the giant for his protection before he leaves on his own way. 

Your family will now have enough money to live comfortably for another year due to the protection given by this kind-hearted giant!