The year is 603, in an alternate reality fantasy world with a little bit of magic.  Magically-powered firearms are common, especially six-shooter revolvers, which you and almost everyone carries.  You are a seasonal laborer making a once a year summer trek from Tibet across the Himalayas to Nepal to return home to your family with your year's worth of wages which is 100 gold coins.  It is very common to be waylaid by bandits who will try to steal some of your gold, or to take some of it for 'protection'.  If you make it home with less than 30 coins or do not make it home at all, your family will not be able to afford food to eat.

You have been travelling for weeks, and you are now close to the border. You can see the snow-capped peaks of the Himalayas in the distance. As you come around a bend in the trail, you spot a group of bandits ahead of you. They seem to be blocking your path, and they are armed with firearms.

You know that these bandits will try to take your gold if they spot you, so you quickly hide behind some rocks and draw your revolver. You take aim at one of the bandits, but before you can fire a shot, one of them notices you and shouts a warning to his companions. The bandits start shooting at you and it looks like they will soon overpower you with their sheer numbers. 

You realize that this is your only chance to make it home safely with your gold coins intact. Taking a deep breath, you stand up from behind the rocks and shout "Halt! I am an experienced marksman and I will not hesitate to shoot any man who tries to take my money!" 

The bandits stop in their tracks, surprised by your sudden boldness. After a few tense moments, one of them speaks up: "We don't want no trouble here! We just want what's ours! Let us have 30 coins and we'll let ye pass." 

You know that if you give them 30 coins then there won't be enough left for your family back home so instead you say "I'm willing to negotiate with ye lads but I'll only give ye 20 coins".  The bandits grumble amongst themselves but eventually agree to accept 20 coins as payment for safe passage through their territory. You pay each bandit 2 coins apiece which they happily accept before letting you pass unharmed. 

As the bandits disappear into the shadows, relieved that no blood was shed today, you continue on your journey home with 80 gold coins in tow - enough for food and other necessities for another year in Tibet!