The year is 603, in an alternate reality fantasy world with a little bit of magic, although you yourself cannot cast spells and the only magical item you own is your revolver.  Magically-powered firearms are common, especially six-shooter revolvers, which you and almost everyone carries.  You are a seasonal laborer making a once a year summer trek from Tibet across the Himalayas to Nepal to return home to your family with your year's worth of wages which is 100 gold coins.  It is very common to be waylaid by bandits who will try to steal some of your gold, or to take some of it for 'protection'.  If you make it home with less than 30 coins or do not make it home at all, your family will not be able to afford food to eat.

You have been walking for weeks and are now in the foothills of the Himalayas. You can see your destination in the distance, but you know that you must get through a dangerous pass before you will be safe. As you approach, you hear voices ahead and see a group of bandits blocking the path. 

You know that there is no way to get around them without going through some very treacherous terrain. You also know that they will not let you pass without paying some kind of toll or giving them some of your gold coins, so you draw your revolver and prepare yourself for whatever comes next. 

The leader of the bandits steps forward and says, "We'll let ye pass if ye give us 20 gold coins." You look at him incredulously, knowing full well that if you do this then your family won't have enough to survive on for the next year. 

You stand firm and hold up your revolver, saying, "I'm not going to pay any tolls here today - I'm just trying to get home with my wages intact." The leader scowls at you and says, "If ye don't pay us what we're asking fer then we'll take it by force!" He motions to his men who all draw their weapons as well. 

Your heart races as you realize that this could easily turn into a fight with deadly consequences. You take a deep breath and try to think quickly - what do you do?