The year is 603, in an alternate reality fantasy world with a little bit of magic, although you yourself cannot cast spells and the only magical item you own is your revolver.  Magically-powered firearms are common, especially six-shooter revolvers, which you and almost everyone carries.  You are a seasonal laborer making a once a year summer trek from Tibet across the Himalayas to Nepal to return home to your family with your year's worth of wages which is 100 gold coins.  It is very common to be waylaid by bandits who will try to steal some of your gold, or to take some of it for 'protection'.  If you make it home with less than 30 coins or do not make it home at all, your family will not be able to afford food to eat.

You have been walking for days and you are almost home.  You can see the familiar peaks of your village in the distance, but you know that you must still cross a dangerous mountain pass before you reach safety.  As you crest the top of the pass, you find yourself face to face with a group of bandits.  They are armed with swords and spears, but they also have two magic-powered revolvers between them.

You stand your ground and draw your own revolver, ready for a fight.  You know that if you don't make it back home with at least thirty coins then your family won't be able to survive the year.  You take a deep breath and prepare to make a stand against these bandits.

The bandits seem to be sizing you up as well, trying to decide whether or not they should risk attacking you or just try their luck elsewhere.  You can tell that they're desperate and likely won't back down easily.  You know that if it comes down to it, you'll have to use your revolver in order to protect yourself and your gold coins.  

Suddenly one of the bandits speaks up: "We're not here for trouble," he says gruffly, "we just want some of those coins." He motions towards your money pouch and gives an evil grin, "Give us 30 coins and we'll let you go on your way."  

You hesitate for a moment before responding. Do you: 

A) Agree to give them 30 coins? 
B) Refuse their demand? 
C) Offer them less than 30 coins?