The year is 603, in an alternate reality fantasy world with a little bit of magic, although you yourself cannot cast spells and the only magical item you own is your revolver.  Magically-powered firearms are common, especially six-shooter revolvers, which you and almost everyone carries.  You are a seasonal laborer making a once a year summer trek from Tibet across the Himalayas to Nepal to return home to your family with your year's worth of wages which is 100 gold coins.  It is very common to be waylaid by bandits who will try to steal some of your gold, or to take some of it for 'protection'.  If you make it home with less than 30 coins or do not make it home at all, your family will not be able to afford food to eat.

You have been walking for two weeks and you are now close to the border of Nepal.  The sun is setting and you have not seen any bandits, but you know that they often come out at night.  You decide to make camp in a clearing, hoping that the light of your fire will keep them away.  You gather some wood from the surrounding trees and build a small fire in the center of the clearing.

The night passes without incident, but as morning approaches you hear a noise coming from the forest.  You draw your revolver and cautiously approach the edge of the trees, only to find a group of five bandits standing there, armed with swords and bows.  They demand that you hand over all of your gold or they will kill you on the spot.

What do you do?

You stand your ground and refuse to give up your gold coins. You tell them that if they want it so badly then they will have to take it by force. You raise your revolver and aim it at them warning them not to come any closer or else you will shoot. At this point, one of them steps forward and says that he is willing to negotiate with you instead of fighting. He offers an agreement: if they get half of your gold coins (50 coins) then they will let you pass peacefully through their territory unharmed so that you can return home safely with 30 coins left for your family's food needs.

Do you accept their offer?