The year is 603, in an alternate reality fantasy world with a little bit of magic, although you yourself cannot cast spells and the only magical item you own is your revolver.  Magically-powered firearms are common, especially six-shooter revolvers, which you and almost everyone carries.  You are a seasonal laborer making a once a year summer trek from Tibet across the Himalayas to Nepal to return home to your family with your year's worth of wages which is 100 gold coins.  It is very common to be waylaid by bandits who will try to steal some of your gold, or to take some of it for 'protection'.  If you make it home with less than 30 coins or do not make it home at all, your family will not be able to afford food to eat.

You begin your journey, trekking through the snow-covered peaks of the Himalayas. The sun is shining and the air is crisp and clear. You can see for miles in every direction, but you are also aware that this is a dangerous journey. As you make your way through the mountains, you keep an eye out for any signs of trouble. 

Suddenly, you hear a loud voice coming from behind a boulder. A group of five bandits appear and demand that you hand over all your gold coins or face their wrath. You know that if you give them all your coins, your family will not have enough to survive on for the next year. 

You quickly reach for your revolver and point it at them, hoping to intimidate them into backing off. However, they don't seem too scared by your gun and start to advance towards you menacingly. 

At this point, you have two options: either try to fight off the bandits or negotiate with them in order to get a better deal than just handing over all of your coins. 

If you choose to fight off the bandits, it will be difficult as they are armed with swords and daggers while you only have a revolver with limited ammunition. You will need to use strategy in order to win this battle as well as luck on your side. 

If you choose to negotiate with them instead, then it is important that you remain calm and composed in order to get the best outcome possible without giving away too much of your gold coins. You could offer them some money in exchange for safe passage or even suggest splitting up some of the coinage so that they can still get something while leaving enough for yourself and your family's needs back home. 

No matter which path you take, it will be a difficult task ahead of you but one that could ultimately save both yourself and your family from financial ruin if successful!