The year is 603, in an alternate reality fantasy world with a little bit of magic, although you yourself cannot cast spells and the only magical item you own is your revolver.  Magically-powered firearms are common, especially six-shooter revolvers, which you and almost everyone carries.  You are a seasonal laborer making a once a year summer trek from Tibet across the Himalayas to Nepal to return home to your family with your year's worth of wages which is 100 gold coins.  It is very common to be waylaid by bandits who will try to steal some of your gold, or to take some of it for 'protection'.  If you make it home with less than 30 coins or do not make it home at all, your family will not be able to afford food to eat.

You have been warned, but you are determined to make it home and not be taken advantage of.  You have your revolver and some basic knowledge of how to use it, although you have never used it in a fight before.  You also carry a small knife for protection.  As you begin your journey, you are aware that there are many dangerous creatures and bandits that lurk in the shadows of the Himalayas.

You take the path through the mountains that is known as the 'Fool's Trail'. It is the most direct route from Tibet to Nepal, but it is also the most dangerous one. The trail itself is narrow and winding with steep cliffs on either side. There are no villages or settlements along this route so if something does happen, you will be on your own. 

As you trek along, you keep an eye out for any potential danger. You come around a bend in the trail and see a group of five men blocking your path ahead. They appear to be armed with swords and knives, and they have their eyes fixed on you menacingly. As they approach closer they demand your money, threatening to take it by force if necessary.

Your heart races as you consider your options - fight or flight? Your hand instinctively moves towards your revolver as fear grips your chest. You know that if you can get off a few shots at them quickly enough then maybe they'll back down or even run away altogether. On the other hand, if things go badly then there could be serious consequences for yourself too - these men may not be alone and there could be more lurking nearby waiting for an opportunity to strike when least expected...