The year is 603, in an alternate reality fantasy world with a little bit of magic.  Magically-powered firearms are common, especially six-shooter revolvers, which you and almost everyone carries.  You are a seasonal laborer making a once a year summer trek from Tibet across the Himalayas to Nepal to return home to your family with your year's worth of wages which is 100 gold coins.  It is very common to be waylaid by bandits who will try to steal some of your gold, or to take some of it for 'protection'.  If you make it home with less than 30 coins or do not make it home at all, your family will not be able to afford food to eat.

You set off early in the morning, with your revolver on your hip and your small sack of coins tucked away in an inner pocket.  You travel for days, making sure to take plenty of rest stops and to stay alert for any signs of trouble.  You eventually come across a small village nestled in the foothills of the Himalayas.  As you approach, you notice that some of the villagers seem to be armed with firearms as well.  You stop and ask one of them what is going on.

The villager tells you that a group of bandits have been terrorizing their village for weeks now, demanding tribute from anyone who passes through. He says they usually only take a few coins from each traveler, but sometimes they get greedy and demand more. He urges you to go around the village instead if possible, but warns that it will take much longer to get back home this way.

You weigh your options carefully before deciding that it would be better to face the bandits head-on rather than risk getting lost or sidetracked while trying to go around them. You draw your revolver and ready yourself for the confrontation ahead. As you approach the bandit's camp, you can see several figures milling about with guns drawn and pointed at anyone who approaches them. They call out for tribute as soon as they spot you.

You stand up tall and tell them that you will not give them a single coin without a fight first! The bandits laugh at your boldness but quickly realize that you are serious when they see your revolver pointed at them. A tense standoff ensues until finally one of the bandits steps forward and offers a deal: if you can beat him in a duel, he will let you pass without taking any coins from you! You accept his offer and prepare for battle...