The year is 603, in an alternate reality fantasy world with a little bit of magic, although you yourself cannot cast spells and the only magical item you own is your revolver.  Magically-powered firearms are common, especially six-shooter revolvers, which you and almost everyone carries.  You are a seasonal laborer making a once a year summer trek from Tibet across the Himalayas to Nepal to return home to your family with your year's worth of wages which is 100 gold coins.  It is very common to be waylaid by bandits who will try to steal some of your gold, or to take some of it for 'protection'.  If you make it home with less than 30 coins or do not make it home at all, your family will not be able to afford food to eat.

You have been travelling for two weeks and you are now at the foot of the Himalayas. You can see the snow-capped peaks in the distance and it is a daunting sight. You know that this is your most dangerous stretch of the journey, as bandits are known to hide in these mountains and prey on unsuspecting travellers. 

You take a deep breath and draw your revolver, ready to face whatever danger awaits you. You begin to make your way up the mountain path, but soon you hear voices coming from ahead of you. It sounds like there's a group of people up ahead, and they don't sound friendly. You stop and crouch down behind a rock, peering around it to get a better look at who's up ahead. 

You see three men wearing tattered clothes and carrying swords, walking towards you on the path. They seem to be talking about something important and they look like they mean business. You realize that if they catch sight of you, they might try to rob you or worse...  

What do you do? 

You could try to sneak around them, hoping not to be spotted. Or if that doesn't work out, you could try negotiating with them - offering them some gold coins in exchange for safe passage through their territory. If all else fails, you could always try fighting them off with your revolver - although this would be risky given their numbers and weapons. Whatever choice you make, it's important to stay calm and keep your wits about you so that you can make quick decisions if needed!